proposals/0000-static-values-for-simd.rst, before:

.. proposal-number:: Leave blank. This will be filled in when the proposal is
                     accepted.

.. trac-ticket:: Leave blank. This will eventually be filled with the Trac
                 ticket number which will track the progress of the
                 implementation of the feature.

.. implemented:: Leave blank. This will be filled in with the first GHC version which
                 implements the described feature.

.. highlight:: haskell

This proposal is `discussed at this pull requst <https://github.com/ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals/pull/0>`_. **After creating the pull request, edit this file again, update the number in the link, and delete this bold sentence.**

.. contents::

Proposal title
==============

Here you should write a short abstract motivating and briefly summarizing the proposed change.


Motivation
------------
Give a strong reason for why the community needs this change. Describe the use case as clearly as possible and give an example. Explain how the status quo is insufficient or not ideal.


Proposed Change Specification
-----------------------------
Specify the change in precise, comprehensive yet concise language. Avoid words like should or could. Strive for a complete definition. Your specification may include,

* grammar and semantics of any new syntactic constructs
* the types and semantics of any new library interfaces
* how the proposed change addresses the original problem
* how the proposed change might interact with existing language or compiler features

Note, however, that this section need not describe details of the
implementation of the feature. The proposal is merely supposed to give a
conceptual specification of the new feature and its behavior.




Effect and Interactions
-----------------------
Detail how the proposed change addresses the original problem raised in the motivation. Detail how the proposed change interacts with existing language or compiler features and provide arguments why this is not going to pose problems.



Costs and Drawbacks
-------------------
Give an estimate on development and maintenance costs. List how this effects learnability of the language for novice users. Define and list any remaining drawbacks that cannot be resolved.



Alternatives
------------
List existing alternatives to your proposed change as they currently exist and discuss why they are insufficient.



Unresolved questions
--------------------
Explicitly list any remaining issues that remain in the conceptual design and specification. Be upfront and trust that the community will help. Please do not list *implementation* issues.

Hopefully this section will be empty by the time the proposal is brought to the steering committee.



Implementation Plan
-------------------
(Optional) If accepted who will implement the change? Which other ressources and prerequisites are required for implementation?

Commit message:

WIP for static simd value edits

proposals/0000-static-values-for-simd.rst, after:

.. proposal-number::

.. trac-ticket:: Leave blank. This will eventually be filled with the Trac
                 ticket number which will track the progress of the
                 implementation of the feature.

.. implemented:: Leave blank. This will be filled in with the first GHC version which
                 implements the described feature.

.. highlight:: haskell

A durable reference to this proposal can be found at
`this repository <https://github.com/cartazio/ghc-proposals-static-values-simd/tree/static-values-for-simd>`

This proposal is `discussed at this pull request <https://github.com/ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals/pull/0>`_. **After creating the pull request, edit this file again, update the number in the link, and delete this bold sentence.**

.. contents::

Static Application for first class SIMD and Architecture Specific APIs
=============================================





Motivation
------------
Give a strong reason for why the community needs this change. Describe the use case as clearly as possible and give an example. Explain how the status quo is insufficient or not ideal.


Proposed Change Specification
-----------------------------
Specify the change in precise, comprehensive yet concise language. Avoid words like should or could. Strive for a complete definition. Your specification may include,

* grammar and semantics of any new syntactic constructs
* the types and semantics of any new library interfaces
* how the proposed change addresses the original problem
* how the proposed change might interact with existing language or compiler features

Note, however, that this section need not describe details of the
implementation of the feature. The proposal is merely supposed to give a
conceptual specification of the new feature and its behavior.




Effect and Interactions
-----------------------
Detail how the proposed change addresses the original problem raised in the motivation. Detail how the proposed change interacts with existing language or compiler features and provide arguments why this is not going to pose problems.



Costs and Drawbacks
-------------------
Give an estimate on development and maintenance costs. List how this effects learnability of the language for novice users. Define and list any remaining drawbacks that cannot be resolved.



Alternatives
------------
List existing alternatives to your proposed change as they currently exist and discuss why they are insufficient.



Unresolved questions
--------------------
Explicitly list any remaining issues that remain in the conceptual design and specification. Be upfront and trust that the community will help. Please do not list *implementation* issues.

Hopefully this section will be empty by the time the proposal is brought to the steering committee.



Implementation Plan
-------------------
(Optional) If accepted who will implement the change? Which other ressources and prerequisites are required for implementation?
